Hi everyone.
My name's Dustin Schultz, and welcome to the course, Spring: The Big Picture.
I've been writing and developing applications with
Spring for more than 10 years.
It's a great and fun technology to work with.
This course is a short introduction to Spring and provides a high-level,
ten-thousand-foot view of all things that are Spring.
Some of the major topics we'll cover in this course are,
what is Spring, what is the Spring Framework,
what is Spring Boot, and why would I want to use Spring?
By the end of this course, you'll have a broad understanding of Spring,
what it provides, and what it's used for.
I hope you'll join me on this journey at Pluralsight to learn Spring with the course, Spring: The Big Picture.